PROJECT TITLE: 14.07 Frequency Analysis (Challenge Program)
PURPOSE OF PROJECT:  Write a program to perform a frequency analysis of the letters in a message and use the results to decipher a secret message.
VERSION or DATE: Jan 12, 2020
AUTHORS: James Young

------------------------------------------------------------------------
PMR (evaluating the process):
1. What difficulties did you run into writing the frequency analysis program? How did you resolve these problems?

I struggled to remember how to scan text files as they were concepts I haven't used in a few months. It took me a while to review and
remember the concepts but eventually I got it. My program for some reason only works with subset.txt and ciphertext.txt but not plaintext
and I can't figure out why and I don't want to spend extra hours figuring this out.

2. How closely did the frequencies of letters in the plaintext and the ciphertext correspond? 
   What could be done to improve the accuracy of the correspondence?

It was not really close, but I believe it is because of my program as it is not accurate for plaintext for some reason.
   
3. This assignment involved writing a program and then interpreting the results the old fashioned way. 
   Propose an extension to this project that would allow the computer to do all the work so that you only have to evaluate whether the decoded message makes senses. 
   You don’t need to actually write another program to do this, just consider how it could be done and clearly describe your solution in a well-written paragraph.
   
First, I would use the frequency analysis to see the most common letters used. Then, I would create a program that
uses most common letters in the coded message and match it up with the most commonly used letters in the english language. Finally,
I would manually check if it makes sense and if it doesn't I would see which letters don't make sense make adjustments to the replacements as needed.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
